static_src/privacy-policy.md, before:

<!--
  # Copyright (C) 2021 Damien Dart, <damiendart@pobox.com>.
  # This file is distributed under the MIT licence. For more
  # information, please refer to the accompanying "LICENCE" file.

  description: "View the privacy policy for Damien Dart's personal site."
  title: 'Privacy Policy'
  twigTemplate: '.templates/base-markdown.html.twig'
-->

This privacy policy covers how this website collects, uses, and
maintains information collected from users, as well as how third-party
services are utilised.

**Note**: This privacy policy is regularly reviewed and, if necessary,
updated. This privacy policy was lasted reviewed on **31/05/21**. We
encourage you to periodically review this privacy policy to stay
informed on any changes.</p>

This website and the way it is run adheres to the [General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR)][1] (EU) when processing personal data. As
data controllers, the data subjects are the users of this website.

[1]: <https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/>


## The data this website collect

While browsing this website, no personal data is collected except for
server access logs, where information from your browser or device is
collected when you visit this website. This information includes the URL
accessed, the time of access, the IP address and the browser’s user
agent. This information is only used for security purposes and to aid
site issue investigations. All service access logs are automatically
deleted after 14 days.


## Cookies and tracking services

This website **does not** set any cookies or use any trackers, social
media buttons or analytics services.


## Third-party services

This website only uses third-party services that are GDPR-compliant.

  - This website is hosted by [Digital Ocean][2] using servers located
    in the United Kingdom.

[2]: <https://www.digitalocean.com/security/gdpr/>

Commit message:

Add initial implementation of site theme switcher.

static_src/privacy-policy.md, after:

<!--
  # Copyright (C) 2021 Damien Dart, <damiendart@pobox.com>.
  # This file is distributed under the MIT licence. For more
  # information, please refer to the accompanying "LICENCE" file.

  description: "View the privacy policy for Damien Dart's personal site."
  title: 'Privacy Policy'
  twigTemplate: '.templates/base-markdown.html.twig'
-->

This privacy policy covers how this website collects, uses, and
maintains information collected from users, as well as how third-party
services are utilised.

**Note**: This privacy policy is regularly reviewed and, if necessary,
updated. This privacy policy was lasted reviewed on **22/12/21**. We
encourage you to periodically review this privacy policy to stay
informed on any changes.</p>

This website and the way it is run adheres to the [General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR)][1] (EU) when processing personal data. As
data controllers, the data subjects are the users of this website.

[1]: <https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/>


## The data this website collect

While browsing this website, no personal data is collected except for
server access logs, where information from your browser or device is
collected when you visit this website. This information includes the URL
accessed, the time of access, the IP address and the browser’s user
agent. This information is only used for security purposes and to aid
site issue investigations. All service access logs are automatically
deleted after 14 days.


## Cookies, `localStorage`, and tracking services

This website **does not** set any cookies or use any trackers, social
media buttons or analytics services.

If you use the site theme switcher to override the default theme, your
choice will be stored using the [Web Storage API][] (specifically
the `localStorage` mechanism) so that it persists while you browse this
site. To clear your choice, either select the *Default theme* option
from the site theme switcher or use your browser's site data deletion
functionality.

  [Web Storage API]: <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Storage_API>


## Third-party services

This website only uses third-party services that are GDPR-compliant.

  - This website is hosted by [Digital Ocean][2] using servers located
    in the United Kingdom.

[2]: <https://www.digitalocean.com/security/gdpr/>
