static_src/notes/breadmaking.md, before:

<!--
  # This file is distributed under under the Creative Commons
  # Attribution 4.0 International License. To view a copy of this
  # license, please visit <http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/>.

  description: Read Damien Dart's notes on breadmaking.
  title: Breadmaking Notes
  twigTemplate: .templates/notes-base.html.twig
-->

My current good-enough white loaf recipe
----------------------------------------

This recipe won't produce anything award-winning, but when I feel like
baking this will create a decent loaf without too much faff.

### Ingredients

<figure>

| Ingredient               | [Baker's Percentage][1] | Example |
| :----------------------- | :---------------------: | :-----: |
| Strong white bread flour | 100%                    | 500 g   |
| Tepid water              | 60%                     | 300 g   |
| A sachet of dried yeast  | 1.4%                    | 7 g     |
| Fine salt                | 2%                      | 10 g    |
| Olive oil                | 2%                      | 10 ml   |

</figure>

[1]: <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baker_percentage>

You'll also need extra flour for kneading, extra olive oil for coating
whatever you put your dough in while it rises, and any loaf toppings (a
light dusting of flour, poppy seeds, etc).

### Method

  1. Chuck everything into a stand mixer set up with a dough hook and
     knead on a medium speed for two minutes. Bump the speed up a notch
     and knead for an additional three minutes.
  2. Take the dough out, lightly oil the stand mixer bowl, and plop the
     dough back in. Cover the bowl with a tea towel and let the dough
     rise until it has doubled in size.
  3. Empty the bowl onto a lightly-dusted surface and knead the dough
     for around a minute.
  4. Shape the dough as required (I put mine in a lightly-floured loaf
     tin). Cover with a tea towel and let it prove until it has doubled
     in size (or thereabout).
  5. During the proofing, whack the oven on as high it'll go and place a
     pizza stone (if you have one) and an empty loaf tin into the middle
     of the oven.
  6. When the dough is ready to be baked, add your toppings and make a
     few cuts on the top with a bread knife.
  7. Working quickly, place your dough onto the pizza stone and pour
     some boiling water into the empty loaf tin. Close the oven and let
     the bread cook for 10 minutes before turning the oven temperature
     down to 180 °C and cooking for another 35 minutes.
  8. Transfer the loaf to a wire rack to cool.

### Notes

  - I sometimes do the initial rise overnight in the fridge. Instead of
    covering the bowl with a towel, use cling film.
  - It's on my list of things to try, but you can replace the whole
    rising-and-proofing part with something a [little more involved][2].

[2]: <https://www.seriouseats.com/2014/09/how-to-make-and-proof-bread-dough.html>

Commit message:

"breadmaking.md": Do some editin'.
  - Add a naughty word.
  - Do some editin'.
  - Add dough-coating note to initial proofing step.

static_src/notes/breadmaking.md, after:

<!--
  # This file is distributed under under the Creative Commons
  # Attribution 4.0 International License. To view a copy of this
  # license, please visit <http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/>.

  description: Read Damien Dart's notes on breadmaking.
  title: Breadmaking Notes
  twigTemplate: .templates/notes-base.html.twig
-->

My current good-enough white loaf recipe
----------------------------------------

This recipe won't produce anything award-winning, but when I feel like
baking this will create a decent loaf without too much faff.

### Ingredients

<figure>

| Ingredient               | [Baker's Percentage][1] | Example |
| :----------------------- | :---------------------: | :-----: |
| Strong white bread flour | 100%                    | 500 g   |
| Tepid water              | 60%                     | 300 g   |
| A sachet of dried yeast  | 1.4%                    | 7 g     |
| Fine salt                | 2%                      | 10 g    |
| Olive oil                | 2%                      | 10 ml   |

</figure>

[1]: <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baker_percentage>

You'll also need extra flour for kneading, extra olive oil for coating
whatever you put your dough in while it proves, and any loaf toppings
(I sometimes use poppy seeds but fucking hell they get _everywhere_).

### Method

  1. Chuck everything into a stand mixer set up with a dough hook and
     knead on a medium speed for two minutes. Bump the speed up a notch
     and knead for an additional three minutes.
  2. Take the dough out, lightly oil the stand mixer bowl, and plop the
     dough back in. Use the oil to coat the dough to prevent it from
     drying out. Cover the bowl with cling film and let the dough rise
     until it has doubled in size.
  3. Empty the bowl onto a lightly-dusted surface and knead the dough
     for around a minute.
  4. Shape the dough as required (I put mine in a lightly-floured loaf
     tin). Cover with a tea towel and let it prove until it has doubled
     in size (or thereabout).
  5. While the dough is proving for a second time, whack the oven on as
     high it'll go with a pizza stone (if you have one) and an empty
     loaf tin placed on the middle shelf.
  6. When the dough is ready to be baked, add your toppings and make a
     few cuts on the top with a bread knife.
  7. Working quickly, place your dough onto the pizza stone and pour
     some boiling water into the empty loaf tin. Close the oven and let
     the bread bake for 10 minutes before turning the oven temperature
     down to 180 °C and bake for another 35 minutes.
  8. Transfer the loaf to a wire rack to cool.

### Notes

  - If I'm feeling fancy, I do the initial rise overnight in the fridge.
  - It's on my list of things to try, but you can replace the whole
    rising-and-proofing part with something a [little more involved][2].

[2]: <https://www.seriouseats.com/2014/09/how-to-make-and-proof-bread-dough.html>
