static_src/notes/phpstorm.md, before:

<!--
  # This file is distributed under under the Creative Commons
  # Attribution 4.0 International License. To view a copy of this
  # license, please visit <http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/>.

  description: Read Damien Dart's notes on setting up and using PhpStorm.
  title: PhpStorm Notes
  twigTemplate: .templates/base-note.html.twig
-->

My PhpStorm Customisations and Settings
---------------------------------------

Maybe one day I'll get round to using a [settings repository][1], but
for the moment running through this list takes at most ten minutes with
a fresh install of PhpStorm, so eh.

[1]: <https://www.jetbrains.com/help/phpstorm/sharing-your-ide-settings.html#settings-repository>

### Plugins

In addition to the plugins that come bundled with PhpStorm, I also use
[IdeaVim][2], because I'm one of those people, and [Laravel Idea][li].

[2]: <https://github.com/JetBrains/ideavim>
[li]: <https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/13441-laravel-idea>

### Removing as much of the interface as possible

I'm also one of these people.

<div class="admonition admonition--info">
  <p><b>Note</b>: The search functionality in PhpStorm’s
    <em>Settings</em> window is pretty good, so I haven’t included the
    whole list of menus you need to drill down to find a setting.</p>
</div>

  - Turn on *Use contrast scrollbars*.
  - Turn on *Use smaller indents in trees*.
  - Turn off *Show tool window bars*.
  - Right-click the status bar and turn on the *Memory Indicator*.
  - Turn off *Display icons in menu items*.
  - Turn on *Widescreen tool window layout* (where appropriate).
  - Remove tabs completely (set *Tab Placement* to *None*) and instead
    rely on <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>E</kbd> (to switch between recent
    files).
  - Turn off *Show browsers popup in the editor*.
  - Hide the navigation bar (<span class="os-menu-item">View</span>
    &rarr; <span class="os-menu-item">Appearance</span> &rarr;
    <span class="os-menu-item">Navigation Bar</span>); on macOS,
    <kbd>&#8984;</kbd>+<kbd>&uarr;</kbd> will display a floating
    navigation bar if required.

### IdeaVim customisation and settings

  - Swap the audible bell for the visual one with `:set visualbell`.
  - Use the IdeaVim _Settings_ window (click the IdeaVim icon in the
    status bar and select _Settings..._) to set the
    <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>E</kbd> and <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>V</kbd>
    keyboard shortcuts to be handled by the IDE.
  - On macOS, make IdeaVim a more pleasant experience by running
    `defaults write com.jetbrains.PhpStorm ApplePressAndHoldEnabled
    -bool false` in the terminal.

### Miscellaneous customisations and settings

  - If using PhpStorm 2020.3 or later, if the option is available sync
    the IDE theme with the OS (on macOS change the preferred light theme
    to *macOS Light*). Otherwise, use the Darcula theme throughout.
  - Set the editor font to [Iosekva][3].
  - Set the *Project Opening*'s *Default directory*.
  - Set some default visual guides at 72 and 78 characters.
  - Turn off the terminal's *Audible bell*.
  - For projects that use NPM or Yarn, turn off the option to automatically
    add *node_modules/.bin* from the project root to `$PATH` (this one
    is a little tricky to search for in the *Settings* window; find it
    under *Tools* &rarr; *Terminal*).

[3]: <https://typeof.net/Iosevka/>

Commit message:

"phpstorm.md": Add note about PHP CLI settings.

static_src/notes/phpstorm.md, after:

<!--
  # This file is distributed under under the Creative Commons
  # Attribution 4.0 International License. To view a copy of this
  # license, please visit <http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/>.

  description: Read Damien Dart's notes on setting up and using PhpStorm.
  title: PhpStorm Notes
  twigTemplate: .templates/base-note.html.twig
-->

My PhpStorm Customisations and Settings
---------------------------------------

Maybe one day I'll get round to using a [settings repository][1], but
for the moment running through this list takes at most ten minutes with
a fresh install of PhpStorm, so eh.

[1]: <https://www.jetbrains.com/help/phpstorm/sharing-your-ide-settings.html#settings-repository>

### Plugins

In addition to the plugins that come bundled with PhpStorm, I also use
[IdeaVim][2], because I'm one of those people, and [Laravel Idea][li].

[2]: <https://github.com/JetBrains/ideavim>
[li]: <https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/13441-laravel-idea>

### Removing as much of the interface as possible

I'm also one of these people.

<div class="admonition admonition--info">
  <p><b>Note</b>: The search functionality in PhpStorm’s
    <em>Settings</em> window is pretty good, so I haven’t included the
    whole list of menus you need to drill down to find a setting.</p>
</div>

  - Turn on *Use contrast scrollbars*.
  - Turn on *Use smaller indents in trees*.
  - Turn off *Show tool window bars*.
  - Right-click the status bar and turn on the *Memory Indicator*.
  - Turn off *Display icons in menu items*.
  - Turn on *Widescreen tool window layout* (where appropriate).
  - Remove tabs completely (set *Tab Placement* to *None*) and instead
    rely on <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>E</kbd> (to switch between recent
    files).
  - Turn off *Show browsers popup in the editor*.
  - Hide the navigation bar (<span class="os-menu-item">View</span>
    &rarr; <span class="os-menu-item">Appearance</span> &rarr;
    <span class="os-menu-item">Navigation Bar</span>); on macOS,
    <kbd>&#8984;</kbd>+<kbd>&uarr;</kbd> will display a floating
    navigation bar if required.

### IdeaVim customisation and settings

  - Swap the audible bell for the visual one with `:set visualbell`.
  - Use the IdeaVim _Settings_ window (click the IdeaVim icon in the
    status bar and select _Settings..._) to set the
    <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>E</kbd> and <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>V</kbd>
    keyboard shortcuts to be handled by the IDE.
  - On macOS, make IdeaVim a more pleasant experience by running
    `defaults write com.jetbrains.PhpStorm ApplePressAndHoldEnabled
    -bool false` in the terminal.

### Miscellaneous customisations and settings

  - Ensure that PhpStorm is aware of all installed PHP CLI interpreters
    by going to the *Settings* window, and checking *Languages &
    Frameworks* &rarr; *PHP*.
  - If using PhpStorm 2020.3 or later, if the option is available sync
    the IDE theme with the OS (on macOS change the preferred light theme
    to *macOS Light*). Otherwise, use the Darcula theme throughout.
  - Set the editor font to [Iosekva][3].
  - Set the *Project Opening*'s *Default directory*.
  - Set some default visual guides at 72 and 78 characters.
  - Turn off the terminal's *Audible bell*.
  - For projects that use NPM or Yarn, turn off the option to automatically
    add *node_modules/.bin* from the project root to `$PATH` (this one
    is a little tricky to search for in the *Settings* window; find it
    under *Tools* &rarr; *Terminal*).

[3]: <https://typeof.net/Iosevka/>
